you stay out into my eyes so hi
everybody this is caitlin for naturally
curly curls today it's not a special day
but it kinda is and then it's not so
today is june twelfth is the it's a
wednesday and it's special because this
time last week was my 19th birthday
which was just only special to me i
guess but no the real more important
part was on jun 2nd which was a sunday
that was actually the special day and
that's a special day because it was my
six-month anniversary our first six
month anniversary of officially being
natural if you guys um look into my
other archives of our video I have video
on my big shot so it's the anniversary
of my big chop and yeah and I probably
it's all probably in the other video but
I'm from what I remember I transition
for about six months to a year I don't
know somewhere in there and uh it was a
it was a factually a fast six months it
was a good six months i can i can say
that i really learned how to adapt to my
hair and try new things with my hair and
do everything and what regiment i need
to use and my hair within that six
months run post big chop my hair has
grown really fast and really healthy and
yeah it's just doing his thing ok so for
deep six months i'm going to do an
unofficial
link check and I'm saying it's an
official because I'm not evil or
anything and I'm not really gonna like
so I'm gonna call it unofficial um okay
so eerie okay so my hair bow past my
shoulders and I'm going to post pictures
of what look like house well right when
i big chopped it and you can see the big
difference but yeah i stayed some have
my shoulder so it's a pretty good length
and my goal is at least a hand against
my shoulder slam pig now for the back so
from these um
six months going natural i have learned
a lot of things about my hair as i think
i already stated i learned that i love
to use aloe vera and coconut oil on my
hair and at the a braid out it works
best on my hair to give my curls like it
just looks best me I like it it's not
fair to hairstyle and everybody else
like from hair and me right out I am
rocking the braids out today actually
you as you guys can see I love the
braids up it's my favorite chair stuff
just where majority of time but anyways
I just came in to make this video's like
kind of a quick it's been a long I mean
that long it's been a good strong six
months and I'm looking for
lifestyle and it should be good life
time for the channel goes I know I'm
it's laughing and not making videos like
i said i would but i'm trying to get
better originally made this channel to
document my hair journey but then a lot
of people ask me what i do to my hair
what i use in it how i do what i do when
i do what i do to my hair so i made this
channel for those two reasons and i
should get better it actually fulfilling
those reasons so i'm going to start
making more videos and making more time
to make the videos but yeah so comment
like subscribe and thank you for
watching
tell all your friends about me yeah all
right bye you guys